that's my word well okay I guess we
should get some things out on the table
ISIL you know we're gonna be we're gonna
be talking all right you know like let's
face it just to clear the air let's say
said youtube is a small pond and you and
I have been flirting with the same women
so we're in direct competition here
right i mean uh yeah i mean we could I
guess I wouldn't deny that it's a small
pool and uh I suppose flirting with
disaster is probably a better way to put
it it's like you know vegan gains vegan
gains and Joey carbs strong we're both
trying to seduce the same woman and it's
torn the community apart anyway I said
what do you want to say you take the
next question uh yeah well I mean yeah
yeah I'm like I'm having to talk to them
happy to you know potentially will have
many future conversations but I just
have to you know say like I mean and
this is potentially awkward but I don't
think you'll find it awkward it's not
awkward for me but and I will say this
to everyone that I would talk to you
know on youtube or you now or whatever
is it I don't trust you guys'll all
right I'm not here to sledge people and
I wouldn't want you to think that you
know because you know I don't know I
mean who knows what I might end up
saying about what I think about Iceland
what happened with you know izel
entering the youtube drama scene in the
you know early summer of two thousand
sixteen or whatever and so I just want
to throw it all on the table alright is
so so so so dumb vegan if I may call you
dumb vegan um you know there's no reason
why this is the first time you've ever
talked to me so there's no reason why
you would trust me i just say off the
bat like I don't expect people to trust
me when I'm when I'm a complete stranger
secondly I mean obviously we can talk
about any of the issues you you feel you
can't trust me on not know if it's about
my court case or any that boring stuff I
can send you legal documentation etc etc
but most the time that's not what it's
about me normally there's something more
interesting but we can talk about it
we're going to talk about I'll say also
you know I remember the very first skype
conversation i did with another vegan
youtuber we were making some concessions
we were kind of saying some good things
but during writer because you know
obviously this criticism of during
writer in my channel it was like well
you know it's not all bad kind of said
some positive things but during writer
for a minute and um
and then I said yeah but um in terms of
trust because during writer has told so
many lies I said you know um would you
trust durianrider to babysit your own
children and the guy immediately
answered I wouldn't trust durianrider to
walk my dog so there are there are
levels to this trust thing I mean you
know whether or not you trust me to
babysit your kids is different from
whether or not you would trust me to
walk your dog I would think sure sure
sure uh yeah no I mean I guess I'll put
this one as well I just don't I don't
buy the izel story on on how how eyes
look got into the youtube drama at the
same time oh okay interesting I'm not
saying that you're I'm not suggesting
that you're lying and I'm not I don't
care I mean basically that's my biggest
messages I don't really care I don't
yeah but dude I'm here right now so you
can ask me about it but any of this
stuff you don't know or you if you're I
mean it's if you have misgivings
whistling you're interested it by all
means ask me uh you know it's fine but
me so to me this interesting because i
don't know like your kind of hinting at
something you don't you don't believe or
don't trust but i don't know what that
is so I'm just saying it's not obviously
what it is you're alluding to oh yeah
okay um III guess I would say like I
think I'll put it this way if we were in
Las Vegas right now and I was sitting at
the keynote table and a guy came on the
microphone and said in one hour we're
gonna find out what really happened with
izel Julia or durianrider you know that
whole thing and you place your bets now
and oh and by the way nobody can leave
the casino unless they place a bet and
then they said would you bet your life
savings or you know whatever hundred
dollars five dollars you have to bet it
if otherwise you're not leaving the
casino would you bet izel story that
he's you know said in multiple videos or
would you bet that he did this to bait
durianrider into sledging him so that
isaac had increased his social media you
know presents okay if I had to bet now I
don't have to I don't have to ISIL but
hypothetically yeah if I had to okay so
look man I'm
say I'm totally happy to talk about any
aspect of it like I really am it doesn't
it doesn't bother me it's just like as I
say I what what aspect interest you is
not obviously off the bat like so if you
just say oh there's something you don't
get us I want to talk about I can't I
can't take it there without you tell me
what it is so I made videos about this
just within the last 48 hours so it's
all kind of fresh in my mind so I'm
quite I've talked about this I mean
first of all I don't yeah well here let
me let me just over there because it's
actually funny because I was actually
watching I think the video that you're
talking about when I got the
notification that you're alive and as I
was watching it I mean look man I don't
like basically what just became you know
all the more clear to me is that I just
don't care I mean I don't want to talk
about it I it's I don't need to believe
you I don't need to disbelieve you but I
just need to you know throw it out there
so that later if you hear me say
something that you don't say well why
didn't dumb vegan you know ask me about
that let's get down to the to the bare
bones of it all but I mean like you put
it out there enough for yourself in the
video so anybody that would listen to
this later on I mean they don't they
don't need to hear you try to convince
me they can make their own you know
decision on that based on on you've done
a good job putting out you know what
your position on all that is and I'm not
trying to grill you on it that's no no
no but look dude I don't I don't feel
like I'm being grill that's what I'm
saying I don't feel uncomfortable at all
I'm totally happy talking about it but
what's same response to what you just
said was it's not fair for you or anyone
just me you in general it's not fair for
a person to defame me if they haven't
made the effort to hear my side of the
story so boys just if you're interested
enough to make your own video on the
topic which is fine you can go ahead to
me Oh your your channel is ninety
percent comedy and there's a lot of
comic potential here so I can totally
imagine you wanting to make a comedy
video on it but it's like with there are
people who take the time to defame me
and to do so in some is a very
self-righteous way it's like well if you
have that level of interest to take a
position on this why don't you have the
level of interest to at least watch the
videos that are on my channel or talk to
me because as you just saw it's not that
hard to find me it's not a touch with me
if this one you want to know no but I
assume so
the thing you said earlier that's maybe
more worth responding to UM wasn't
specifically about Julia bore you were
asking but why I was in Chiang Mai at
all and if I was baiting durianrider if
I was trying to get that kind of
reaction at durianrider um so I made
another video on that which is actually
on patreon it so it's a patreon
subscriber-only video and I mean I
really like in that sense I don't care
if you don't believe what I have to say
on that issue because I don't think
that's really a bad thing now in reality
the reason why i was in chiang mai at
that time the reason why i'm going back
to chiang mai soon by the way to doesn't
have to do with during writer i had a
job here in china i had to get a student
visa i had to go to the hospital i had
technical reasons to be in chiang mai
I've been coming to chiang mai st. thing
since 2003 or something I've become
Chiang Mai for many many years chiang
mai's a part of my life and I had other
friends to visit in Chiang Mai there
were other people on youtubes I had a
whole bunch of reasons to be in shanghai
at that time and meet up with people i
wanted to meet and i had no plans
whatsoever of confronting durianrider or
seeing him or in any way interacting
with the festival i never showed up at a
single event but the flip side is if you
don't believe that like if you think i
went to that event in order to troll
durianrider how does that make me a bad
person you know cuz uh you know so did
you say but to give an example like um
what's ruining brianna jackfruit ssin
she's done that every year she's done
that for like three festivals running
every time durianrider says he hates
brianna and she's not invited the
festival and she shouldn't come and
she's persona non grata she's
blacklisted she's not allowed to end
brianna shows up anyway so I mean by
britt britt jackfruit sim is not you
know the most gangster vegan on the tube
but she's been doing that for like for
festivals running and nobody really
cares not that big a deal so anyway if I
did want to do that if I wanted to do
exactly the same thing Brianna's done
and that other vegans have done before
too because they wanted to meet other
vegans they're not there for durianrider
there to hook up with other vegans on
youtube you know i don't think they'll
make me a bad person as it happens it's
not true but if it were true it's like
okay you're gonna hate me for that cuz
it's not that big a deal ya know and i
want to hate you i would i would call it
diabolical
haha and i would say that other people
trying to enter the YouTube space or any
kind of social media should take note
and see how that they could you know
maybe not do the same thing and they can
make their own judgments on what they
feel comfortable with doing but just to
you know not hold back and sure I mean
like I say you know it's like if the it
gets to a certain point where you know
like it's it's been a long enough now
and like I mean it's look dude I'm I
hope he gets feeling I'm not great I'm
not offended at all though like I this
stuff doesn't put me out we die before
every every different angle I mean to me
there was an emotional side of the story
therefore durianrider because it didn't
make sense for him to attack me that's
how I didn't provoke him I didn't go in
there events I wasn't I wasn't looking
for trouble but we now know the day
durianrider picked the fight with me on
Facebook the same day he sent those
facebook messages that are on my channel
is the day he separated with freely and
it's the day the one day when they
missed their own events they had one day
where they did not show up on the hill
there's one famous hill that they would
go up every day and do their crappy
little conference thing right so there
was one day where they didn't show up
and it was so sudden they didn't send an
announcement cuz obviously if you're not
going to show up you just send text
messages to people or send an email so
they suddenly and unexpectedly didn't
show up and then we now know in
retrospect okay so that's the day when
you know they really fell apart or they
really fought with each other and that's
the same day durianrider decided to come
at me heavy so obviously there's a sense
in which that guy went through a
meltdown he was pretending he was
defending freely and at the same time he
was actually breaking up with her and we
know we've seen the private text
messages emails there's actually very
human story for human drama from during
writer's perspective that again has
nothing to do with me and in terms of
what he did against me again he has a
record every year for several years
running he'd done something like that so
I mean only a few months earlier there
was another guy who be accused of being
a pedophile and you know we accused
other he made unbelievable allegations
and threats against people Gannon again
over time so it's not really a new
pattern behavior but again maybe this is
the boring stuff III don't know what
aspect injures you from my perspective
it is interesting that I talked to Mike
you and you know at the start you want
to say you you don't trust me and you
don't trust me specifically on on on
this issue of what really happen okay so
to be clear I think
actually it's not that you don't trust
me on what happened in Chiang Mai you
don't trust me on why it happened would
that be fair to say um explain that
briefly okay so i think the point is
it's not that you don't trust me about
about what happened like for instance um
was there really a fistfight or not or
who threatened who or who started a door
who sent which email like it's not on
that level of specific events it's not
that you don't believe me about whether
or not i had a torrid love affair with
Julia bore it's not about that kind of
fact I think your point was you don't
trust me in terms of what were my
motivations for being in Chiang Mai at
that time is that would that be fair no
no no no no IIIi wouldn't doubt that you
had you know many motivations to be in
Chiang Mai I think it's just that and
perhaps you know it just seems so
convenient I mean like I say if you
hadn't done it I mean somebody you know
she probably should have somebody should
have stepped in and capitalized on the
fact that yeah you know cuz durianrider
had the thing about the last festival
where he got you know upsetting he cried
on his laptop cuz he was reading a story
that a girl had and he was like you know
I'm gonna make sure that this never
happens again I mean right it would make
sense for somebody to you know
capitalize on that and of course that's
not fair to you before somebody like in
my position that's just looking on to
like us assume that about you but that
would I say that that influenced my
dessert like thoughts on it potentially
yes but like it like again like I say if
I was betting it on vague in Vegas if I
had to hypothetically obviously never
would have to but if I did I mean it
wouldn't be like it'd be kind of stupid
to not let you know something like that
influence my decisions I like walls you
know somebody probably was going to
capitalize on this or they should have
any way look dude I don't find that I
say I don't find that offensive at all I
just say I think the difference in you
and me is you're approaching it from a
kind of logical perspective of what
seems plausible and I'm fortunate
through perspective someone who knows
what actually happened and why it
happened which doesn't have to do with
logic because i'm not making inferences
or guesses so tell you one other
interesting part of the story which does
reveal how it happened
I happened at that time so to say the
day durianrider really decided to
escalate the conflict with me was
apparently the day he split up with
freely and like maybe four days before
that like just a few days before I for
is not an exact number let's say four
days before that he and freely were
still together ostensibly at least there
was still standing side by side at the
grocery store and it's a particular
grocery store in Chiang Mai that the raw
till 4 people go to to know where this
rare but it is so I had grocery stores
especially associated with their their
cult followers um and uh they bumped
into leah pram staller so Leah prime
star used to have a youtube channel i
believe it's now closed or she just
deleted all her videos but she's quit
the game so Leah her interview with me
is still on my channel and freely and
during writer apparently watched that
whole interview it's I don't know if
it's an hour long but it's a pretty long
substantial interview I had with her and
she is one of the people who talk to me
honestly and openly about the fact that
among other things she got fat on free
Lee's diet right and it's it's not a
secret it's not a mystery and she got
fat she gained that weight in Chiang Mai
living there continuously she went for
the festival she was a true believer and
she moved there she rented an apartment
she dropped at a school in order to be
there so in some ways it's like the most
extreme case of the true believer right
and in some ways not she's a really
she's a hard to describe character she's
not a kind of stereotypical true
believer in some ways uh so that story
really hurt them they were really really
shocked by that even though like for you
and me that's kind of not shocking and
you can say it's it's an important story
to tell here's a young woman she like
when I talked to her she was over 21 I'm
sorry forget if she was I forgot her age
but okay here's someone who dropped out
of school who really became a devout
believer partly because she had other
health problems before she discovered
their diet and a lot of people do that
they have some disease disorder and you
know durianrider saying that their diet
will cure all your problem solve all
your problems that appeals to them so
what for her it wasn't about weight loss
of beauty it was about feeling healthy
curing her sicknesses etc etc and she
actually moved to Thailand live with
them and then while she was in Thailand
eating all this fruit you know she got
fat to be blunt I she gained a lot of
weight now again
shows in a sense no offense how shallow
freely in dura mater are there's a lot
of things they could be angry about on
my channel they could be they could say
hey this guy's approached the history of
Cambodia is all wrong no not going to
happen that video really hurt them and
when they met her in that grocery store
they freaked out they just you know
cussed the [ __ ] out of her and said she
was subhuman and said she was exiled
from the community and no not only would
they never talk to her again nobody in
the durianrider cult would ever talk to
her again this company so there's this
ridiculous confrontation only a couple
is over so no like when I tell you that
my point is this is the kind of thing
that tells you a human emotions human
motivations it tells you why during
writer freely did what they did what
they were feeling how they were thinking
and she Lea pram stole she was one of
the people I was there to meet with just
as a friend she was a fellow vegan in
Chiang Mai who was anti durianrider
basically anti-rattle for she was
someone that interviewed in my channel
she was one of my reasons for going to
shame I was just to meet with her and
talk with her right now again you if you
want to describe that as me provoking
durianrider in reality it is I did that
interview with Leah it provoked
durianrider like objectively it's a fact
that was very provocative to or shocking
to during right but my reason for doing
that interview and putting on my reason
for then going to meet her face-to-face
was not you know anything was not to
create that kind of conflict you know so
just say but like to me the objective
reading of that and the subject of
reading that they're not incompatible
like it's fine if you if you watch that
video i don't think it's that
interesting you but because a lot of
it's about diet but you can you can
watch that you can say okay this is
objectively a threat to everything
during writer and really believe in it's
a threat to them selling books it's a
threat to them convincing people their
diet helps you lose weight right like
it's a threat to a lot of things that
are important to them but you can also
see my motivations or not to do that or
not to start a fistfight with your Ian
rider or anything you know what I mean
so you can see I'm talking to this young
woman because I think oh well here's an
intelligent person who used to be a true
believer in this and now she's evolved
so I'm not offended by what you say at
all and like from an outsider's
perspective there's some truth to it but
from an insider's perspective I can tell
you exactly what happened why it
happened if you want to know so when
you're in Las Vegas
you bet on about the CL [ __ ] a
Venusian